Docs: guide how to set up SAML with Okta (#24613)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/enterprise/saml.md

allowed_organizations = Engineering, Sales
```

## Set up SAML with Okta

To configure SAML integration with Okta, create integration inside the Okta org first.

1. Log in to the [Okta portal](https://login.okta.com/).

> 1. Go to the Admin Console in your Okta org by clicking **Admin** in the upper-right corner. If you are in the Developer Console, click **Developer Console** in the upper-left corner and then click **Classic UI** to switch over to the Admin Console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the Admin Console in your Okta organization by clicking **Admin** in the upper-right corner. If you are in the Developer Console, then click **Developer Console** in the upper-left corner and then click **Classic UI** to switch over to the Admin Console.
```

Reviewer: If Okta uses "org" in their UI, then leave that word as-is. When possible, write out the word or match the UI.

Author: Okta uses `org` in the docs (this guide based on Okta SAML configuration docs), but in the UI I found `organization`, not `org`, so I think your suggestion is better than original docs.

> 1. In the Admin Console, go to **Applications** > **Applications**.

Reviewer: By "go to" do you mean "click"? Navigate to? Please use precise language.

Author: "Navigate" is better I think.

1. Click **Add Application**.
1. Click **Create New App** to start the Application Integration Wizard.
1. Choose **Web** as a platform.
1. Select **SAML 2.0** in the Sign on method section.
1. Click **Create**.

> 1. On the **General Settings** tab, enter a name for your Grafana integration and optionally upload a logo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On the **General Settings** tab, enter a name for your Grafana integration. You can also upload a logo.
```

Reviewer: What is the logo used for? Is it for the Grafana login page?

Author: Logo is used on the Okta main page and in the application lists.

![Screenshot from 2020-05-14 08-26-27](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4932851/81896160-a1d98980-95bc-11ea-9148-9c00ccbe5daf.png)

    - In the **Single sign on URL** field, use the `/saml/acs` endpoint URL of your Grafana instance, for example, `https://grafana.example.com/saml/acs`.
    - In the **Audience URI (SP Entity ID)** field, use the `/saml/metadata` endpoint URL, for example, `https://grafana.example.com/saml/metadata`.
    - Leave the default values for **Name ID format** and **Application username**.
    - In the **ATTRIBUTE STATEMENTS (OPTIONAL)** section, enter the SAML attributes to be shared with Grafana, for example:
      
      | Attribute name (in Grafana) | Value (in Okta profile)                |
      | --------------------------- | -------------------------------------- |
      | Login                       | `user.login`                           |
      | Email                       | `user.email`                           |
      | DisplayName                 | `user.firstName + " " + user.lastName` |
    
    - In the **GROUP ATTRIBUTE STATEMENTS (OPTIONAL)** section, enter a group attribute name (for example, `Group`) and set filter to `Matches regex .*` to return all user groups.
1. Click **Next**.

> 1. On the final Feedback tab, fill the form and click **Finish**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On the final Feedback tab, fill out the form and then click **Finish**.
```

> Once application is created, configure Grafana to use it for SAML authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the application is created, configure Grafana to use it for SAML authentication.
```

Reviewer: This procedure is long. I recommend adding h3 subheadings to break it up a bit and let the user catch their breath. Perhaps an h3 above this paragraph and at the beginning of the numbered steps.

If you add a new heading under the h2, be sure to add a short intro paragraph to avoid stacked headings. It doesn't have to be long, you can just write a sentence explaining the purpose of the procedure. Maybe mention that you need to have access to the Admin console in Okta in order to perform this procedure.

Reviewer: Probably should also mention in the intro that you need to have Admin or Super Admin privileges in Grafana.

Author: You actually don't need to be an Admin in Grafana, but you should have privileges to edit grafana config file and restart grafana server.

> 1. In the `[auth.saml]` section in the grafana configuration file, set [`enabled`]({{< relref "./enterprise-configuration.md#enabled" >}}) to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the `[auth.saml]` section in the Grafana configuration file, set [`enabled`]({{< relref "./enterprise-configuration.md#enabled" >}}) to `true`.
```

Reviewer: "enabled" is not descriptive link text. I recommend linking to the auth.saml section, or add a sentence to the end saying, "This section is described in the [auth.saml](link) section of [Configuration](Link to configuration.md).

> 1. Configure [certificate and private key]({{< relref "#certificate-and-private-key" >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Configure the [certificate and private key]({{< relref "#certificate-and-private-key" >}}).
```

> 1. On the Okta application page you redirected after application created, navigate to the **Sign On** tab and find **Identity Provider metadata** link in the **Settings** section.

Reviewer: This is confusing: On the Okta application page you redirected after application created

Please clarify what "you redirected" means.

Author: Ah, that's probably just my bad English :) I meant 

"On the Okta application page where you have been redirected after application created"

But probably, you could suggest better sentence.

Reviewer: If the page has a name, I would call it that. Otherwise, just say "Okta redirects you to an application page. [instructions]"

> 1. Set the [`idp_metadata_url`]({{< relref "./enterprise-configuration.md#idp-metadata-url" >}}) to the URL obtained from the previous step. This URL should look like `https://<your-org-id>.okta.com/app/<application-id>/sso/saml/metadata`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set the [`idp_metadata_url`]({{< relref "./enterprise-configuration.md#idp-metadata-url" >}}) to the URL obtained from the previous step. The URL should look like `https://<your-org-id>.okta.com/app/<application-id>/sso/saml/metadata`.
```

> 1. Set the [`assertion_attribute_login`]({{< relref "./enterprise-configuration.md#assertion-attribute-login" >}}), [`assertion_attribute_email`]({{< relref "./enterprise-configuration.md#assertion-attribute-email" >}}), [`assertion_attribute_name`]({{< relref "./enterprise-configuration.md#assertion-attribute-name" >}}), and [`assertion_attribute_groups`]({{< relref "./enterprise-configuration.md#assertion-attribute-groups" >}}) options to the attribute names configured at the **step 10** of the SAML integration setup. You can find this attributes on the **General** tab of the application page (**ATTRIBUTE STATEMENTS** and **GROUP ATTRIBUTE STATEMENTS** in the **SAML Settings** section).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set the following options to the attribute names configured at the **step 10** of the SAML integration setup. You can find this attributes on the **General** tab of the application page (**ATTRIBUTE STATEMENTS** and **GROUP ATTRIBUTE STATEMENTS** in the **SAML Settings** section). 
  - [`assertion_attribute_login`]({{< relref "./enterprise-configuration.md#assertion-attribute-login" >}})
  -  [`assertion_attribute_email`]({{< relref "./enterprise-configuration.md#assertion-attribute-email" >}})
  - [`assertion_attribute_name`]({{< relref "./enterprise-configuration.md#assertion-attribute-name" >}})
  - [`assertion_attribute_groups`]({{< relref "./enterprise-configuration.md#assertion-attribute-groups" >}}) 
```

Reviewer: Hopefully my indentation is right, but double check.

Author: I use 4 spaces because 2 is working a bit strange (not enough indentation to the left), but 4 looks more consistent.

> 1. Save configuration file and restart Grafana server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Save the configuration file and and then restart the Grafana server.
```

> Finally, your Grafana configuration may look like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you are finished, the Grafana configuration might look like this example:
```
